Week 3 Quiz:

1) What is HTML? What is CSS? What is Javascript?
HTML is the primary language used to create websites and can be processed by web browsers to display a page. CSS is the style guide for HTML. It basically tells the browser how to display the HTML. Javascript is a programming language that enables developers to implement scripts and other ways to minipulate the HTML and communicate with the server. 

2) What are the major parts of an HTTP request?
Primary components are HTTP verb/method, URL, and parameters.

3) What are the major parts of an HTTP response?
Primary components are status code and payload.

4) How do you submit an HTTP POST request, with a "username" attribute set to "bob"? What if we wanted a GET request instead?
> post '/myaction' do
>		params['username']
> end

5) Why is it important for us, as web developers, to understand that HTTP is a "stateless" protocol?
Since it is stateless developers must simulate persistance.

6) If the internet is just HTTP requests/responses, why do we only use browsers to interface with web applications? Are there any other options?


7) What is MVC, and why is it important?
It stands for model-view-controller. It is a type of HTML framework. It divides a online application into three distinct but connected parts. This seperates the internal side of data processing from what is represented on the user side.

The below questions are about Sinatra:

1) At a high level, how are requests processed?
Sinatra processes requests via the controller and then either redirects or renders a view.

2) In the controller/action, what's the difference between rendering and redirecting?
Redirecting means to send a new request elsewhere. Rendering is pulling the requested view and displaying it for the user.

3) In the ERB view template, how do you show dynamic content?
You can utilize <% code that doesn't need to be printed to HTML %> and <%= code that should be printed to HTML %>.

4) Given what you know about ERB templates, when do you suppose the ERB template is turned into HTML?
I think it is turned into HTML when the view is rendered.

5) What's the role of instance variables in Sinatra?
Instance variables are used to simulate persistence to the user. 

